all right we're here with James to
Eugenia
he is the publisher and editor of
Kennedy's and king.com and he's also the
author of the JFK assassination the
evidence today you wanna tell us a
little bit about this this new book Jim
yeah sure Dave JFK the JFK assassination
the evidence today is an updated and
revised edition of reclaiming parkland
okay it most of the additions to it are
in part three all right in which I talk
about mainly the influence of Tom Hanks
and Spielberg on some of the products
that are coming out and how they are so
disappointingly disjointed with what we
know to be historical facts and the
three films I concentrated on are
Charlie Wilson's War parkland and the
post and those are really I believe kind
of irresponsible films in this you know
these them MSM goes after Oliver Stone I
mean compared to Oliver Stone I mean Tom
Hanks is a sixth grader you know he he
simply doesn't have a very sophisticated
view of contemporary history but somehow
he thinks he does and so there for him
and to a lesser degree Spielberg make a
movie like the post in which I don't
even think they understood the Pentagon
Papers case or knew anything about it
all right to give you an example I
talked to the in-house
turning at the new york times it's a
time of the Pentagon Papers case he told
me Jim you think what stare is now is
bad in the first draft of the script
Daniel Ellsberg was in this movie for
one scene and the New York Times was not
there at all
III couldn't believe it the Pentagon
Papers case essentially is Daniel
Ellsberg you know without him there
would have been no smuggling the papers
out of the RAND Corporation now the
other two parts of the book deal with
Vincent Bugliosi
and the second part of the book deals
with an analysis of the evidence in the
Kennedy case today and how it compares
what Bugliosi x' presentation was in
reclaiming history and in that part of
the book the second part of the book
that's where I really go in to what we
know about the JFK case today now what
we're going to talk about tonight is a
little bit different because what we're
gonna talk about is an essay I did at my
website
Kennedy's in king.com
and as you know David although I write
something about the tippet case in the
JFK assassination the evidence today
this particular essay I borrowed a lot
from a lot of different people to try
and coalesce what the evidence in the
typical case is today all right now I
know you you've read the essay right
yeah it was a really interesting
amalgamation of all of the different
authors I've heard that have written
about it by Josef McBride those centage
and many others so it was a was really
interesting to see it all laid out
together yeah see what what I did and
I'm glad you gave those other writers
credit I tried to do it from it begins
with an historical point of view in
other words this is what the Warren
Commission said
then I expand out to what authors like
Henry hurt in his book reasonable doubt
and then Jim Garrison in his book on the
trail the assassins right and I
summarized their work on the tippet case
and I guess the best way to deal with
that is to say that both Henry hurt and
Jim Garrison felt that there were
problems with the what's commonly called
the core evidence or hard evidence or
ballistics evidence in in that case and
there is you know they're there most
definitely is anybody who knows that you
have kate case will understand these
issues all right for example the bullets
did not cannot be matched to the gun
that oswald allegedly used the shoot
tippet and this was because the the
chambers in the gun had been altered all
right to accommodate something called 38
special ammunition which is a 38 packed
a little bit more gunpowder all right to
make it more powerful and so when the
bullet is dislodged through the chamber
it doesn't make the proper markings in
order to be identified so now what makes
that so odd is that the Dow's police
only sent one bullet up to the FBI
all right to be examined but there were
at least three other bullets that hit
tip it why would you only send one
bullet up but Warren Commission sent
down the FBI Courtland Cunningham to
find the other three bullets all right
and so he found the other three bullets
and they didn't match either now
everything was relying upon these
shelves but here's the problem with the
shells the shells were not even listed
on the police report on the first day in
fact they didn't they didn't enter into
the report until six days later well
what makes that even worse is that the
first police reports said that they were
automatic shells automatics of course
are different than revolvers the Warren
Commission decided Ostwald used a
revolver but anybody can see in a
comparison that automatic shells look
different you know then then the kind of
ammunition using a revolver and they
also are stamped at the bottom eight uto
so it's very hard to believe that Jerry
Hill who was the guy who radioed in that
they were automatic okay couldn't
mistake an automatic shell for a
revolvers show all right and has he had
been a veteran the force for a number of
years the delay in getting the other
bullets and a delay and getting the
shells up to FBI the FBI building for
testing made a lot of people suspect
something was funny with this and in
fact Jim Garrison in his book on the
trail of the assassins strongly
suspected that the evidence was switched
that once they didn't get the bullet
match that they went ahead and fired the
gun they had in possession to get the
shells to match right and I think I mean
don't you that because it was a six day
delay it
wasn't on the original inventory I mean
there one would have to think well that
is kind of justified isn't it you know
that kind of suspicion sir yeah talk
later about the Dallas police reputation
at that time I really want to cover that
a little bit so definitely yeah we can
definitely talk about that later okay I
it's completely justified in light of
those facts that will come out later in
this interview you know now another
problem with the typical
was the the timing all right and what I
mean by that is that the Warren
Commission said that Oswald after the
shooting of Kennedy left work was driven
by a taxi to his rooming house in Oak
Cliff that he was only at the rooming
house for a short period of time that he
picked up his revolver and walked
outside and went to a corner across the
street and that corner by the way
accommodates a bus line that if you
aren't you get on board the bus goes the
wrong way from tenth and Payton which is
a scene of the tippet shooting but
anyway that's the last time the landlady
saw him and she said that he was there
at about 104 all right well the Warren
Commission tells us that Oswald then
walked from that corner to Tenten Payton
and tippet was killed at about 115 and
of course they say Oswald did it now the
problem with this is a distance of about
nine tenths of a mile and that creates a
problem because it's hard to believe
somebody could walk nine tenths of a
mile in something like eleven men
and by the way and I know to researchers
who did walk that route and they were
both much taller than Oswald or and they
said you know we power walked it you
know we didn't just normally walk it
because we didn't come close to 11
minutes all right so this begins to be a
problem the time of 115 for the shooting
of Oswald is simply not supported by the
weight of the evidence right there are
several witnesses like mrs. Donald
Higgins and for example Helen Markham
Roger Craig TF Bally who all say that
the shooting occurred a few minutes
before that and dete and for example CF
Bally had a watch on Roger Craig had a
watch on these witnesses place the the
shooting of tippet much closer to about
106 or 107 you know now the problem with
that of course is that if it's hard to
believe Oswald could have got to the tip
of shooting at 1:15 it's simply not
possible to believe that he could have
got there at 107 or even 108 okay I mean
like I said in my article Roger
Bannister 9 years before was the first
guy to break the record of four minutes
you know the four-minute barrier in the
mile all right so it's simply not
possible to imagine Oswald even running
that distance in four minutes
oh absolutely yeah in the military I
think that's about an eight minute mile
is very good you know so yeah right okay
so you know now the clincher for this of
course is what I have listed in my
article is the Abney tippet death
certificate
executed by dr. richard liquori at
Methodist Hospital it places his death
at 1:15 p.m. is a time of death
considering that the ambulance had to go
out and get the guy all right and then
bring him back to the hospital and he
looks up at the clock and it says 1:15
then how could he be
killed at you know it makes no sense and
like and as we go here in the caption it
actually looks like the 115 is typed
over and even earlier time of 109 all
right but we'll accept the 115 now with
those factors into the record then you
get the problem with the witnesses
Domingo Benavides was allegedly the
closest witness to the crime scene back
then in 1963-64 he failed to identify
Oswald Warren Reynolds was also an
eyewitness okay Saab the guy running
away from the scene said he would not
commit to identifying Oswald then he was
shot through the head and he changed his
mind and now he said he would identify
Oswald all right Helen Markham has so
many problems you know that in a
literature she's kind of legendary all
right so I don't even want to deal with
her but I would just say him as I wrote
in my essay they're the lawyers on the
Warren Commission didn't he want to use
her and I quote Joseph Paul and Wesley
Leibler all right as as lawyers who did
not want to use her because she had so
many problems as a witness all right but
the reason they had the user you had
people like Scoggins who didn't really
see the scene unobstructed and had a
hard time picking up picking out Oswald
after a set of pictures were shown to me
actually picked the wrong guy all right
and then you had Ted Callaway who said
that he saw the guy running from the
scene but then he asked Benavidez which
way did he go
well if Callaway had to aspen of e t--'s
which way did he go how did he see him
then
all right you know and also I go into
the problem with the line ups the line
ups is Dallas Police Department were
very unfair to say the least I quote
William Whaley the cab driver who said
you could have picked out Oswald without
identifying them by just listening to
him because he was bawling out two
policemen telling that it wasn't right
to put him in line with these teenagers
all right and then he says anybody who
wasn't sure could have picked him out
the right one just for that but further
when asked her names and occupations the
other people in the lineup who were
policemen gave fictitious answers Oswald
said his real name and said he worked at
a Texas School Book Depository so what
the heck kind of line up is that you
know it's just a joke so now we go to
the what I like the call one of the most
interesting aspects of the tippet case
is that the bullets don't match the
shelves in other words what I what I
mean by that is that as other people
have pointed out before the bull is
taken from Tippit's body through your
Winchester Western manufactured copper
coated the last is a lead bullet made by
Remington Peters as garrison noted this
seemed to suggest that tomb and may have
fired a tippet but the shells of course
did not match the bullets to of the
shells were meant were by Remington and
to buy Winchester on this has led some
people to think that maybe there was a
shot that missed and a shell that was
not recovered the House Select Committee
on assassinations suggested this but
labeled it a speculation according to
the Warren Commission Oswald took the
time to actually empty the revolver so
when you empty revolver manually there's
not like a unless you're gonna say he
was running there's not much of a space
you know for the guy to go ahead and
disperse of all those bullets
so now the idea though is that the
authorities like I said only sent one
bullet up okay and then they sent the
other three then they sent the shells
and I talked about the delay in that but
just when you think that things can't
get any worse and by the way as I quote
in the article it's not just the critics
who have said that there's a problem
with the chain of possession Hale Boggs
himself one of the Warren commissioners
said what proof do you have that these
are the bullets now further complicating
that Jerry Hill said he told an officer
Jam PO to mark the shells his marks were
not evident when the policeman inspected
the exhibits for the commission further
when the witnesses have found the other
two shells were asked by the FBI to
identify them as a ones they originally
recovered they could not now just when
you think can't get any worse
Joe McBride who wrote a book on the
tippet case into the nightmare said he
talked to Detective Jim LaValle in 1992
and LaValle makes everything a little
worse by saying that nobody actually
really did mark the shells at all so
what he's doing is he calls Poe a liar
that's what he's saying and now he says
that there really isn't a problem with
the substitution of evidence but wasn't
it bribed noted what he had really done
is it makes the whole chain of evidence
custody on the shells very highly
suspect in other words nobody knows what
happened to these shells it's such a
mess today do you want to just briefly
talk about what chain of custody means
and yeah chain of custody is very
important when you're talking about a
homicide case because what that means is
that the investigating officers should
clearly mark and make reports of all the
evidence found at the scene and for a
long long time and even a dallas police
will tell you this
they were giving carving pens in which
they were supposed to use those to mark
the evidence at the scene and then they
were when they turned it over to someone
that person was supposed to put his
initials on the evidence
okay then there's supposed to be a
report saying that okay so and so picked
this up at the scene carved his initials
into it at such-and-such a time on
such-and-such a day he brought it down
to the station turned it over to this
guy and his initials are on it okay he
gave him a receipt he wrote a report and
then he checked it into the evidence
room and then whoever checks it into the
evidence room signs his name on the
ledger okay and then the guy collecting
the evidence goes ahead and marks it in
that ledger that it was the evidence was
marked by such and such a person and a
second person and they turned into me at
such-and-such a time on such-and-such a
day see that way which is standard
procedure okay that way then the defense
attorney cannot question whether or not
somebody or more than one person
substituted the evidence but was what
you have in this case I mean it's just
it's violates all of those rules that
police officers are taught from the
beginning you know what the whole thing
about there being no shells you know on
the report for six days that they only
sent one bullet to the FBI that Hill
told Pole to go ahead and carve his
initials into it but somehow Poe can't
find it and then Lavelle you know this
giant curveball saying no they didn't
mark it at all you know why they
wouldn't mark it at all just that just
completely eludes me all right now
because of the problems with the shells
and bullets and because of a witness
named aquila Clements who worked as a
caretaker about a block away she heard
the shots ran down the street she said
she saw two men at the scene okay one
was tall and slim
the other one was kind of a short guy
all right and then the tall guy way that
the shooter and told him to go on and
they ran off in different directions
there was also a letter to Playboy
magazine in October of not just use me
January in the January 1968 issue where
an anonymous person agreed with Clemens
he had been at the scene of the crime
and he saw two men run off in different
directions neither one of them being
Oswald now it isn't bad enough if this
is pretty bad if you ask me now we come
to the radio transcripts you know the
Warren Commission was delivered three
different versions of the police
transcripts Silvia Maher pointed out the
first transcript to police turned over
did not include what was perhaps the
most important instruction given the tip
at that day that was the order for him
to move into central Oh cliff at 12:45
that was about 15 minutes after Kennedy
was killed but there was a problem with
this order first of all three officers
who said they heard the transcripts said
that they did not refer to this order
during their testimony before the WIMP
the Warren Commission also right before
this order the radio dispatcher had said
quote attention all squads report to
downtown area code three
that means sirens blaring and red light
flashing to almond Houston with caution
which of course makes perfect sense you
want as many cars as you can down there
in Dealey Plaza so why would you send
why would you send not one but two
officers to Oak Cliff which is away from
Dealey Plaza the question then became
was that order genuine or was it planted
on the second version of the radio
transcripts all right now the Warren
Commission didn't suspect any chicon or
because they were just happy to find a
way to get tip it into Oak Cliff by the
way out of his territory at that time
and secondly what was so important about
central cliff
because nobody radio in any disturbance
to that area
now with the Warren Commission things
always get worse and Carly and now it's
about to get worse
there is no acknowledgement of this
order even I was given the two policemen
tippet and RC Nelson to top it off that
the police already had a guy in Oak
Cliff his name was William Mansell so in
other words when cars are coming in from
the outermost areas to the Dealey Plaza
area not one but two cars are being
directed to Oak Cliff when in fact they
already have a guy there and further
there's no contact between the
dispatcher Murray Jackson and Mansell to
check on where he is but and like I said
it always gets worse Nelson didn't go to
Dealey Plaza
excuse me Nelson didn't go to Oak Cliff
he went to Dealey Plaza as many others
is like Henry heard of noted the Warren
Commission never made anything out of
this paradox in other words why did
tippet go to Oak Cliff but Nelson did
not and in fact neither the Warren
Commission of the House Select Committee
called Nelson as a witness see that is
the kind of thing that makes people
suspect that that order was added later
all right now at 12:54 Tippit's say that
he was at Lancaster and 8th and then
Murray Jackson the dispatcher we
supplies with one of the strangest radio
instructions one could imagine for that
time Jackson told Tippett to quote be at
large for any emergency that comes in
okay be at large for any emergency that
comes in now we come to the message at
108 between 12:45 and 108 there were
four messages involving tippet three
went from the dispatcher to tippet one
came in from Tippett at 108 in one
version of the message Tippett called
the dispatcher twice and got no answer
in the FBI version no tip is
number at that time which was 78 is
missing from the radio tapes it's
assigned to a guy at number four eight
eight
the FBI noted that the sound was garbled
and number four eight eight is not
identified by his name and there was no
other message assigned to whoever this
person is billed renas who researched
the tippet case and wrote an essay on it
did a thorough examination of the tape
and the transcripts he also concluded
that the voice is not Tippit's at 108 so
in other words what the Dow's police
look like they were trying to do was to
in other words to put this message at
108 they were trying to put it on there
in order to go ahead and move the time
of the shooting forward in time all
right so this is very very let's say
intriguing okay it's very very
intriguing because mrs. Higgins one of
the women who was a witness right across
the street said the murder was at 106
she ran outside and she's another person
who saw Sun month fleeing the scene and
it wasn't Oswald all right now what I've
done so far with this is I've tried to
summarize the evidence in the case
before Oliver Stone's 1991 film JFK came
out as everyone knows that movie created
a kind of mini earthquake throughout the
land and it created a lot of other
people writing books making
documentaries etc one of these authors
was James Hosty the FBI agent who was
assigned to the Oswald case in 1963 in
Dallas he wrote a book called the Simon
Oswald in that book which was published
in 95 he revealed an utterly fascinating
piece of information one that had been
concealed for 32 years he said that his
FBI colleague Bob Barrett was at the
scene
Tippett murder Barrett said that Captain
William Westbrook asked them have you
ever heard of a guy named Lee Harvey
Oswald Barrett said no Westbrook then
asked him how about Alex Hidell Barrett
now turned around and he saw that
Westbrook was leafing through somebody's
wallet at the scene now later on this
remarkable development was fortified by
the release of a film from TV station
WFA
and in that film you can actually see
the police handling the wallet and I
actually have pictures of this
interspersed the article and then I have
a link to a local ABC News feature in
Dallas from 2013 so in other words the
evidence is that there really was an
Oswald wallet found at the scene that's
it but shooting now the problem with
this is that the official story has
always said that the police took the
wallet from Oswald in the car
after they picked him up at the Texas
theater and drove him to the station
that responsibility was given to an
officer named lieutenant Bentley but
further there was also a wallet found at
the home of Ruth and Michael Payne where
Lee Harvey Oswald has spent the night
before with his wife Marina so the
question then becomes well just count
him who the heck carries three wallets
David how many wants do you have just
the one yeah same here I only have one
who the heck carries three yeah so this
is this is really really bizarre and so
people are like Bugliosi and his book
tried to say that it was it was actually
Tippit's wallet well that's simply not
true because the police went after they
took his body to the hospital they
picked up his effects and among the
effects was a wallet all right and they
transferred it back to the police
station that was development number one
okay now develop number two about
his wallet was that nobody saw it on the
ground nobody saw it on the ground
alright which indicates the possibility
did someone bring the wallet to the
scene and this began to focus attention
on three people and that would be
Westbrook reserve officer Ken Croix and
a witness named Doris homeland okay
Doris homeland was one of these
witnesses like a killer Clemmons
like mrs. Higgins and some others who
were at the scene the tip patootie but
were never interviewed by the Warren
Commission there isn't even any evidence
if she was interviewed by the Dallas
police or the FBI which is really weird
because her house her apartment is on
the second floor of a house right across
the street from where tippet was shot
and there's a diagram in my article
which shows that but being on the second
floor of that house when she was fine
discovered by local Dallas researchers
Michael Brownlow and Bill Ponte she had
some very interesting information to
convey to them she said that as she
looked out her second-floor window upon
hearing the shots she saw a second
police car at the scene it was in the
driveway between 404 and 410 East 10th
Street this was adjacent to the spot
where Tippit's car stopped so knowingly
or unknowingly tippet blocked the
driveway which was led to an alley at
the middle of the block behind she said
that a man got out of the car looked at
Tippit's body then went back down the
driveway he was alongside the car which
was retreating back towards the alley
she also saw a man fleeing the scene in
a different direction now it's a good
thing they got her on the record because
she passed away in the year 2000 and
Brownlow got some corroborating evidence
for what she saw which I listed in the
article gear all right Sam Ginyard who
that I use Carlon also said that he saw
that per second police car and so this
gets very very interesting now because
now the question became who was in the
car now people began to folk focus on
Westbrook
and Anne and Kenneth Croix because
Westbrook is a guy who talked to Barrett
about the wallet
Chen Croix was a guy who suppose who
discovered the wallet this gets kind of
interesting because Westbrook was not a
detective he was not a patrolman he
worked in the personnel department in
other words he interviewed applicants
for jobs and he investigated complaints
when you read these two guys testimony
in the Warren Commission
you really wonder just how bad the
Warren Commission really was Westbrook
said that he let his men go to the
Texaco book depository and he was the
only one left in his office he said he
got antsy and then he said believe it or
not he decided to walk to the depository
alone which is about a mile away he said
he would stop every few minutes and when
he saw somebody with a radio to
understand what was happening in the
investigation even though of course he
had his own police radio so this would
consume probably about 20 minutes so in
other words his whereabouts are
unexplained for that 20 minutes now
Westbrook testified that once he got
there he heard that an officer had been
shot in the old cliff area now listen to
this he said that since he was in
personnel he thought he should
investigate the murder does that make
any sense to you David
felt he had investigate a homicide now
although Westbrook mentioned Barrett in
his Commission testimony he never told
the Commission about the wallet and his
conversation with Barrett while at the
scene of the tippet murder
Westbrook said the word about a suspect
at Texas theater came over the radio he
got a ride to the theater someone tipped
him off is a worse suspect was sitting
he
witness the arrest and directed that the
suspect be escorted out the theater into
the station he then went back to his
work desk in the personnel department in
other words is supposed to be on a day's
work for a personnel officer right
Westbrook's has happened to be at the
Texas theater at the murder scene for
tippet and at Dealey Plaza all right
but he's also credited with finding the
tippet killers jacket and he also went
to a nearby library to investigate a
false alarm about the assailant of
tippet being there funny thing about the
jacket although he's credited with
finding the jacket he says he didn't
really find it he said somebody gave it
to him but I didn't remember who the
officer was now now now that's kind of
isn't that kind of weird why didn't you
go over later that's not the only thing
that he was not able to remember what he
got yes all right well we're gonna find
that that is going to be parallel with
Ken quite well because we want to throw
one one thing in a tie I think you
mention it but the personnel department
it doesn't sound like much but for
somebody who wants to be in control of
you know the personnel department is the
guy who handles the hiring the firing
all the disciplinary matters so if
someone like the CIA or whatever had a
key position in the Dallas Police
Department you know and you'll I did
mention it later so I don't want to talk
about it but you know he's definitely in
a key position even though it's
definitely not a investigative position
or a street cop position yeah you're
exactly right he would know everybody in
the whole department and he would have
the background stories on all of them
all right so you're exactly right about
them now in addition to Westbrook not
knowing who gave him the jacket
Croy who was the first person at the tip
and shooting scene was supposedly the
first person to handle the wallet and
guess what he says well geez I don't
remember who gave me the wallet either
okay you know the Dallas police really
had a sure funny way of handling
evidence didn't they now first of all
Kroy was not a regular officer he was a
reserve officer or he said he drove
patrol car duty maybe once a month and
in one of the really funniest parts of
this whole story he says that at the
time of the assassination he was just a
few blocks away from Dealey Plaza
he drove to nearby courthouse to see if
the police might need some help
now the nearby courthouse I have a map
of this in my article is like a block
and a half away from Dealey Plaza now
imagine the mayhem that's going on in
Dealey Plaza at this time you've got
people running around with the chickens
with their head cut off you got people
running around behind you know the
grassy knoll at the overpass you know
people are starting to go into the
parking lot there's dozens of cops FBI
guys they're all within a block and a
half of where he is so what does he say
then he said he saw some a cop at the
courthouse he asked them if he needed
some help
evidently the cop said no everything is
fine
so Kroy Kroy said that he decided that
he was gonna go home okay when he heard
a call about a cop being shot all right
if you can believe it Bert Griffin who
was asking the questions didn't bat an
eyelash at that story didn't ask him any
questions didn't challenge him
didn't even say okay who was the cop who
told you that you could go home you know
none of that happened so in other words
like with Westbrook there isn't really
any way to corroborate Croy's
whereabouts at this time and we're gonna
get into a really funny thing about that
later also so once he hears the thing
about the copying shot he said he drives
out he says to Tenten Peyton to see
another murder he says he ant well from
his
Griffen he said he interviewed Helen
Markham all right
but when Griffin asked him about his
interview with Helen Markham Kroy said
something really really incredible I
mean really something
now imagine what's happened so far first
you have the president being shot in
Dealey Plaza
kroy's a block and a half away at that
time he asked the God you need me the
guy evidently said no so he's gonna go
home and he gets hears the radio about
tippet being killed of course his name
was intimidating then who was once a cop
being killed so he now drives out to
tenth and Payton is the first guy there
a witness starts talking to him he's the
first person to see the witness or take
her testimony he tells Britt Griffin
that he didn't file a report as on his
activities that day again Griffin didn't
bat an eyelash I would I would I would
have been jumping out of my seat I said
wait a minute you're the first guy at
the scene where this guy was killed and
you saw his body laying in the street in
the pool of blood and a witness comes up
to you starts telling you what happened
and you don't file a report you'd even
write her name down very very very weird
I think Kroy said he was a tenth and
Payton for about 30 minutes maybe a
little bit more when Griffin asked him
what he did after he left he said he
went to get something to eat he also
said that he stayed home the rest of the
day again Griffin left his house there
is any question by Griffin well why
didn't you go to the police station and
write a report and if you didn't want to
write a report why don't you give him a
verbal report none of that none of that
was in there he said he saw several
officers they already knew but he didn't
know them by name he said he only knew
them by sight
so we're led to believe that even if
Kroy had written a report he wouldn't
have been able to name anybody officers
there now as Kroy left the scene he
drove near the Texas theater he saw
squad cars around the building he
decided not to stop since he felt the
situation was well in hand
after first telling Griffin he was going
to get something to eat and go home
he then said he was actually met his
estranged wife
Austin's barbecue and this is where Kroy
story gets even more bizarre he now
added towards the end of his testimony
that right after Kennedy's assassination
and the cop he talked to said he was not
needed his wife has a strange wife drove
up next to him and he asked her if she
want to go get something to eat now
consider this Kroy was in uniform he was
just off Dealey Plaza okay you can
literally see Dealey Plaza plain as day
from that site all right okay
and somehow he asked his estranged wife
if she wanted a hamburger like I wrote
in this map under underneath this map
diagram me as I said this would make
what you think this would make for a
good Saturday Night Live skit probably
in curious guy really I mean this stuff
is it's too funny to be true now again
there's no record if Griffin check this
out like I couldn't find anything weird
and check this out with the cop who
supposedly told to me Kagome or if his
wife actually pulled alongside him
within a block and a half of Dealey
Plaza
now Kroy is important because when the
story about the wallet finally did break
he was a policeman whose credit was
handling him his story that it was
handed the wallet by a civilian and of
course Kroy never asked the name of the
witness who gave it to him it's like
this guy was operating in a fog you know
the question is was the fog designed or
was it accidental I think that's a
natural question to pose now with this
new evidence that we have now that is
with bears testimony with the television
film of the wallet with Doris Hollen
with what we can discern from Westbrook
and Kroy you know you have to wonder
what would a real investigator do with
this kind of thing you know and I think
there's a lot of things he could have
done with it
which I described you know in the
article because the
question has always been as Bob
Tannenbaum once said who was a deputy
counsel for the House Select Committee
on the Kennedy side he said you know at
a speech he gave in Chicago in 1993 you
know I like to get down to fundamentals
my opening question for an investigation
would be why did tippet stop Oswald
which is an interesting question because
the original story on this was at the
description of Basel came through a guy
named Howard Brennan
okay we're supposed to believe that from
a hundred feet away and six stories up
that he managed to convey a description
of the guy's height and weight even
though the fact the window was only
partly open and as Tannenbaum said it's
not a floor-to-ceiling window so how
could the description be accurate
description supposed to say that he was
5 foot 10 about 165 pounds if you've
ever been a Dilip and he ever been to
that window which the first year I was
there they didn't have it blocked off I
could actually go to the window it's
very difficult to believe that you get
that kind of a description a full-body
description from that window the
official story says that he gave this
description to police inspector Herbert
Sawyer but Sawyer did not confirm that
it was Brennan who gave him that
information the other so I could see
what they want and I critique Gerald
Posner because he's the one who says in
his book that Brennan gave this order
but there's no information in his
footnote that such is the case in fact
the footnote he uses said that the
information came from a man who said
that the guy was on the fourth or fifth
floor or might not even be in the
building so how could that be Brennan
the FBI investigated this you know in
other words how did a description get to
the Dallas police they investigated this
for months on end they finally gave up
about a year after investigator Richard
Rowe gay wrote a memo saying that he
could not find who this person was and
the FBI was gonna label it as an
unidentified citizen the House Select
Committee decided not to use Brennan but
also it makes us interesting is in the
description that went out over the
police radio it said that the suspect
was armed with a rifle namely either a
3030 or some type of Winchester so why
would tippet stop someone clearly armed
without calling for a backup first but
of course we know that whoever shot tip
it did not likely have a rifle so again
why did tip it stop this person it's a
it's a real real mystery so what happens
is that the other side has come up with
the thing that somehow Oswald changed
direction when he saw the car and this
was what made him suspicious but Mike
Griffith who's a very good researcher
and writer has kind of blown that up and
said you can only say that if you use
people who change their story if you
look at the initial reports by the
witnesses to the police and the Secret
Service nobody says that that happened
they all said that Oz was going in one
direction towards the police car in
other words the distinct possibility is
that tippet did not pull over whoever
this guy was because of the radio
message if Doris Holman was correct
Tippett stopped his car almost right in
front of the driveway where that second
police car she saw was situated which
would leave open the suggestion that
tippet was being lured not just out of
the proper area but to some kind of
disguised trap door now this is a very
good point which I'm sure you're
familiar with right David about what tip
it was doing the last hour of his life
right well I heard about the where he
was where he was things like that yeah
now this is very interesting and I took
this information because of course it's
not in the Warren Commission so I took
this information from Jill McBride's
book into the nightmare between noon and
12:35
Tippett was most likely on a shoplifting
call and then home for lunch at
approximately twelve forty was seen in
this car by five witnesses at AG local
filling station those witnesses said
that he was looking at the Houston
viaduct which it crosses over from
Dealey Plaza about ninety seconds on
that viaduct in your at Dealey Plaza now
it's a few moments after this Tippett
pulled over a car driven by Insurance
agent James Andrews he pulled him over
got out of his police car and then
started to look in the back of the car
like he was looking for somebody Andrews
was very puzzled he looked at the
officer's name plate he said tip it
seemed to be very upset and agitated his
next stop is the top ten record store at
338 West Jefferson all right Lewis
cretinous said who knew to pit fairly
well said Tippett came in commandeered
the phone called someone apparently did
not get an answer hung up and walked off
looking worried or upset now it seems
logical to assume from those death set
of events of course and I think probably
agree with me it looks like
Tippett was looking for someone to cross
over the car over the bridge by either
car or bus when that person did not
arrive he actually pulled over a car
looking for someone frustrated he then
went ahead and tried to get somebody on
the phone and then he proceeded to his
death a tenten fountain driving the car
very slowly but he was looking for
someone now this is a completely
different perspective we now have thanks
to this new evidence than what Jim
Garrison or Henry heard hat on the
tippet case now in McBride's book he
interviewed a guy named Edgar leaves
hipot JD's if it's father and he found
out some interesting things that are not
in the Warren Commission and that nobody
else had Edgar talked to Tippit's Widow
and he said that according to her they
call JD another policeman and said that
Oswald was headed in that direction and
this is what the other policeman told
Marie but he also added that the other
boys stopped he would have got there but
he had a little accident a wreck
they both started out JD made it he'd
been expecting something the police
notified them that Oswald was headed
that way
now that has to be William Menzel who as
I said earlier was already in the area
Nelson had left now Menzel verified some
of the facts in this because he told the
HSE a he had respond to an accident a
little bit after 1 o'clock and as we've
seen we know that tip it did use a phone
that day and Menzel also reported he
contacted the station by phone not by
police radio and an interview McBride
gave with Gary Revell he said it further
Wade told him that somebody reported to
me that the police already knew who laws
world was and they were looking for him
at that time now this is all a matter to
tell you how fascinating it is if that's
true then what that means is whoever put
together the wallet at the scene of the
tippet murder a small special part of
the Dallas police had been alerted to
who the past he was earlier when Jerry
Hill announced on the radio at 152
Oswald had been apprehended theater it
was only to the tippet case not the JFK
case because the information in the wall
did not become known until the mid 90s
neither Henry heard or Garrison
mentioned Westbrook or croix but they
did mention again Hale like Westbrook
was at the three major scenes the Texas
theater dealy Plaza and at 10th and
Payton in addition he was in the
unmarked car that escorted Oswald to the
police station Hill was a policeman who
first reported from the tip and seen
that the shells were automatic
now when Henry Hill heard confronted him
with this discrepancy along with the
fact that even though Hill instructed
Poe to mark the shelves with his
initials the markings had disappeared
Hill responded with must one of the most
farcical comments available in the
literature Hill said he could not
imagine any kind of evidence
manipulation because the police
department was so clean it scared him
now as you know that is so wrong and so
false that it really kind of lends
suspicion to Jerry Hill all right
because as I wrote in my book no other
county in America and almost no state
for that matter has freed more innocent
people from prison in recent years than
Toronto which is where Dallas is where
mr. Wade was a DA
from 1951 through 1986 of course Wade
was a DA who supervised the cannon kept
account of the in tippet cases and what
makes that even fact even worse how
dirty the Dallas police work is that
none of this would have come out unless
there was a power shift in the city in
all right the city elected its first
african-american district attorney in
over a half century Craig Watkins was
not from the good old boys network he
never worked for Wade or met Wade and he
criticized Wade by saying there was a
cowboy kind of mentality and the reality
is that that kind of approach is archaic
racist elitist
and arrogant and he began a review of
private conventions convictions
literally dozens of innocent people were
now set free in three cases the charge
was murder he said waives cases were
riddled with shoddy investigation
evidence was ignored and defense lawyers
were kept in the dark in other words the
combination of Wade with homicide
detective wolf Fritz made for a
thoroughly corrupt law local law
enforcement system and pure numbers the
worst in America at that time
I think it's such an important point
because when you take away the you know
and take away the fact that it's Kennedy
and that it's a case that everybody's
looked at Oswald is just another guy in
Dallas who's kind of been railroaded by
bad police work and a kind of corrupt
system there it's not it's not out of
character for Dallas you know when you
take away that the fact that it's the
presidents it's just another day in
Dallas right Ziggler exactly correct now
in October of 1963 and this is I think
really interesting Hill went on what he
called a special assignment
he was detailed over to the personnel
division to work under Westbrook there
was never any question by the Warren
Commission as to why that transfer
happened at that time a month before the
assassination especially in light of the
fact that Westbrook already had six
people working for him it was Hill who
had possession of the handgun taken from
Oswald upon the arrival of suspect at
the police station although there is
some confusion about who actually did
have possession okay of that handgun but
when Hill arrived the station he placed
the gun in Westbrooks office while he
wrote a report and NIT what time the
personnel office it should have gone to
homicide right so this was so odd that
Westbrook himself admitted the
commission that the gun should not have
been there so one last thing about this
according to one report the 38 Smith &
Wesson was ordered by Oswald and
delivered not by the post office by a
private company called Railway Express
agency this was a kind of forerunner of
Federal Express and to order a handgun
you had to have an ID and what they call
a character reference all right they
would go ahead and ship the handgun to
you at your p.o box and you would have a
card there and you would go to their Rea
office produce the ID
and the character reference pay for the
revolver get a receipt and they will
record the transaction well to make a
long story short there is no proof that
any of that ever happen in other words
there's no paper trail that leads from
the card being picked up to oswald going
to the Rea office and the transaction
being processed by Rea in fact there
isn't even any proof the FBI ever went
to the Railway Express agency in Dallas
to check out the transaction and of
course why would Allah order the weapon
under an alias which of course was hydel
knowing the summons card by Rea had to
go to a P o box under his real name see
the Warren Commission never ants asked
those questions let alone answer them
now as Hill was making out his report he
says Westbrook told him to alter the
report to say that Oswald was a suspect
not chestnuts abacus but also in the
murder of President Kennedy again when
Hill said that there was no questioned
by the Warren Commission at all as to
well wait a minute did you ask him what
he based that on how would you know that
early that he was also a suspect in the
Kennedy case and by the way there was no
in checking through Westbrook's
testimony there's nothing there that
says they cross-checked it and there was
nobody said did you tell Jerry Hill to
add to his offense report that Oswald
was also a suspect in the Kennedy case
nobody asked that question because he
obviously the obvious thing you want to
know is what did you base that on at
that time all right I dislike four
o'clock in the afternoon
now that's 5 p.m. kill did an interview
on the radio that went national Hill was
a very experienced print and TV
journalist who covered the Dallas police
beat out of an office at the station
before joining the force during that
interview with the Sacramento radio
station Hill did about everything he
could to incriminate Oswald in the
public mind
alright this is before Oswald had been
arraigned on either charge before the
FBI had linked him to the weapons before
the bureau had tested for fingerprints
or ballistics he'll accused Oswald of
being a violent person who may have shot
another policeman previously which of
course he just made that up out of thin
air
he'll also said zil would not admit
that he pulled the trigger on the gun in
the in a theater which of course he did
not because the FBI confirmed that the
firing pin never hit the bullet okay
he said Oswald admitted during
interrogation he was an act of communist
all right
Hill talked about Oswald's time in
Russia all right how he knew that is
just unbelievable at that time and there
was that was of course the beginning of
a motive for shooting us JD Tippit
is an employee of the birth battery
where the shots of the dealer president
were fired
he was laying on the floor below the
wonder where the shots were fired from
15 minutes prior to the Haiti
[Applause]
he was a former US Marine sniper he was
defected to Russia in nineteen it is
accepted and returned to the United
States approximately a year ago with a
Russian bribe I understand he did admit
in the interrogation while ago he was an
active communist he has not admitted the
heating of the president are the good of
a police officer but a gun was found six
lower where decision that I have been
told and I can't vary about it either
way was not were played in Argentina the
man
Sam has resorted to violence over it and
possibly shot another policeman Harlow
he won't admit anything other than the
rows of Communists invited payment
brutality and we got the handcuff own
and when he got out he was properly for
him the only thing he said there's not
when I told you I was comedy but
anything I'm gonna tell your work to
that effect and I would love a man my
ride Hill said that he got most of this
stuff from Westbrook as most at 5:00
p.m. for hours
yeah yes because they think Oswald was
taken down to the station at about 2
p.m. and he's on he's writing a defense
report saying that you know whisper told
to put him in there for the Kennedy case
then he goes on the air just a couple
hours later and he broadcast to the
world all discriminating evidence and
it's Oswald
now there's this is a go ahead this is
basically the first time I think I
remember those simple saying this is
basically the first time that anybody
had said this publicly right I'm I
wouldn't say that for sure but I I would
think that that's probably the case yes
well yes
now as most people familiar with the JFK
case understand there's usually a punch
line with these weird and mysterious
matters in this one is the following
within one year the publication of the
Warren Report
Westbrook resigned a Dallas Police
Department he later became an advisor to
the security forces in Saigon
Dadda Simon was handled through the
agency for international development and
those who follow JFK case know that a ID
often worked under the auspices of the
CIA in light of these later revelations
I think the JD Tippit case takes on a
new significance as deputy bill
Alexander once said to Henry hurt he
knew that the man who killed tippet had
killed Kennedy as Evan Marshall a former
20-year homicide investigator told the
late Harry Livingstone the tippet
shooting has always been to me a red
herring of the first order as somebody
who spent 20 years as a big city cop I
can assure you that nothing affects a
cop like the murder of a brother officer
perhaps the hope was that the officers
would responded to the Texas theater
would kill the suspect there when Jill
McBride was doing his book into the
nightmare he talked to Jim LaValle who
said you know that the Kennedy killing
wasn't really a big deal to us when you
get right down to it because it was just
another murder inside the city limits of
Dallas that we would handle it was just
another murder to me and I've handled
hundreds of them so it wasn't any big
deal but with people don't understand
Lavelle continued is that a police
officer his murder takes precedence over
the shooting of the president because
that's close to home and this is what I
believe happened here this is what
seemed will happen whoever planned this
thing understood that the Dallas Police
will go crazy when they found out that
if it had been murdered and they would
instantly relate that case to the
Kennedy case that they both must have
been at
hands of the same man now I can't prove
that you know I can't come close to the
reasonable doubt standard but I don't I
have very little doubt as somebody like
dick Sprague the first chief council DHS
CA had this evidence in his hand you
know he would have investigated this
Avenue he would have investigated
Westbrook Croix and Hill he would have
found Doris Holman he would tried to
find out who really gave the information
or that description
that's 510 165 armed with the weapon to
the dowels police he would have gone to
the post office he would have gone to
Railway Express to figure out how the
heck could Oswald get that handgun if
there is no trail that he did so that
and much more would have all been part
of a real investigation of the typical
which is not at all even in the same
universe with what happened and as a
result of people who arranged for and I
believe actually killed tippet succeeded
tactically in a spectacular way for in
30 minutes after the ambulance car to
tip its body away more than a half a
dozen police cars descended on a Texas
theater in response to a reported
infraction six Cruiser cars drive up in
the front and back because somebody
didn't pay to get into the movie and
that was enough to lower the noose
around Oswald's neck once apprehended
and handcuffed westbrook ordered the
arresting officers to get oswald in the
car and take him to the station at 152
Jerry Hill made the announcement that
they had their man in the murder of
officer Tippit and those we have seen
Westbrook the guy who was soon be
working with the CIA then told Hill to
add President Kennedy as the other
victim and that was that
so in other words in other words Dave in
the space of something like a little bit
more than two and a half hours the
Dallas police man
to solve two murder cases alright all
because the ticket taker at the Texas
theater said somebody walked into the
show without paying pretty good police
work huh yeah for a police department
that never writes down where they get
evidence all right you know but garrison
said I don't know if it's in his book or
not but he found out that Hoover had
actually put out a list on the tippet
case of who not to talk to hmm oh and
that's what he that's what he thinks
happened which could be look you've got
a police force as corrupt as a Dallas
police then you got j edgar Hoover who
hated the Kennedys you know running a
thing in Washington so there was no
chance this case was gonna be solved you
can either tip it or Oswald right uh let
me ask one thing about tip it
specifically in all of the and all the
literature on him what what's the idea
of his background was there any evidence
that maybe he was a dirty cop why is
there is there any reason that he
specifically would be sacrificed in this
sort of way
that's something because this article is
pretty long to begin with that's
something you know I decided you know
not to really go into because it would
have probably been about seven pages
longer and I think it's 20 pages already
so McBride did try and dig some of that
stuff up and there's a possible
connection between tippet and Ruby
because tippet was a security guard at
Austin's barbecue and a part owner of
that was Ralph Paul Roth Paul was also
the guy who financed Ruby's purchase of
his to strip clubs in Dallas so there's
a possible connection Ruby's sister
actually
said that tippet had been in the
Carousel Club more than once so there's
a possible connection there between Ruby
and tippet all right also if you can
believe this he was also at one time
a security guard at the Texas theater
which is the place where Oswald was
arrested at again maybe that's just a
coincidence
but you know I find that kind of
interesting and he was having an affair
with a woman who was a waitress from
Austin's barbecue and she happened to
live in the Oak Cliff area according to
McBride who interviewed her she said
that their affair had ended a few months
before Kennedy's assassination so those
are all kind of interesting things and
of course you know as McBride found out
in his book there was an inordinate
number of racist and even Klan members
in a Dallas police I mean our McBride's
of the whole section of his book a
couple pages is on that particular
subject the Dallas police did not get
that reputation for being so terrible
and corrupt because there were really
good people on that police force because
they couldn't have been and the thing is
like you said earlier because Westbrook
had the files on everybody you know
because Tippett was never got a
promotion in eleven years he was a
patrolman hmm so and I'm really throwing
this out of the suggestion speculation
you know maybe they told them this is
gonna be your way to become an officer
okay we're gonna give you the goods on
Oswald and then what happened of course
is they turned it around on him all
right these stats now again as I said in
the article I can't prove any of this
but all I can say is that it's really
weird that none of this evidence was out
there until the 90s you know which shows
you how bad the Warren Commission
was because that film of the Oswald
wallet that was there at that TV station
there's no she's in the Warren
Commission could not have gotten it yeah
no that's absolutely I mean you would
think that would be one of the first
things that they would do would be
gather up all of the time especially of
the tippet you know a specific location
like the tippet murder scene right and
that that wallet to me was that's some
pretty heavy-duty evidence and to have
the actual film of it that's clear that
it's not just this is just a story or
you can't just say it's just right here
say it's and by the way it's not just
Barrett certified that as being Oswald's
wallet lieutenant jazz as I wrote in my
article who I think was the second or
third person at the scene at its hip at
killing told Martha Moyer it was a very
good researcher in Dallas he told her
don't let anybody bamboozle you that was
Oswald's wallet you know so in my
opinion it's very hard to dispute today
that somebody brought that wallet to the
scene of the tippet routing and it
really looks it really looks today like
somebody in the Dallas police a small
little sector of it somehow knew that
Oswald was a guy that they were gonna
frame right and well you don't have to
go the connections are so immediate
between Allen Dulles to Charles Cabell
tells his deputy took apples brother the
mayor of Dallas to write until his
brother raca Bell is a mayor and it's
the declassified documents now say that
Earl Cobell was a CIA asset from 1959
and then we got this other guy Westbrook
who's gonna join up with the CIA after
resigns the force in 1964 I mean some
people can say well those kind of things
happen well when they happen over and
over and over and over and over I'm
sorry it's not a coincidence okay
oh I mean I think that you know some of
the things that maybe the Church
Committee looked into I don't know that
they looked into anything specifically
like that but there were definitely some
things were they looked into the CIA
were training local police where the FBI
were training local police but you know
that they were you know infiltrate if
the CIA was going to infiltrate the
media then they would certainly
infiltrate a police and if you wanted to
infiltrate a police department what what
better position that have in the
personnel department where you basically
get to oversee everybody was coming in
and going out and you basically have
their job in their hands oh yeah no no
this is great
oh thank you very much for doing this
and look forward to your is the book out
can people get our hands on that yes the
book the book is out you can order it
now yeah it's got a foreword by oliver
stone that looks great correct okay cool
well thanks a lot for doing this and
people should go read the full article
there's a lot more there if they go to
Kennedy's and king calm and thanks
election okay we're walking David
this is our hidden history
you